Displacement:
-------------
Displacements can be implemented with a scheduled post turn
state change to the CheckMove state. Those state changes must
lead to a displacement or trigger a fight,
cause otherwise the state machiene will jump back to the
idle state, which would lead to an additional turn. 
Therefor an additional branch could be added to the rule
building fsm which would be most similar to the move branch
but without the loop between the idle state and the check move
state. An other solution would be to set a state variable
if this movement is a regular move initiated by a user or
a displacement move initiated by a special effect.
I suppose this would be more kluge.
Update: While writing a displacement branch multiple differences
	occured between the move state and the displacement state,
	so the displacement state is distinct from the move state

Multiple instances of a Jumon:
------------------------------
To allow multiple instances of a jumon which
is the case if both players have the same jumon
in their set jumons cant be identified by their
name and the meepledict cant be static anymore.
For earch entry in the sets of all players a
jumon is created with a unique id. Now the lists
of jumons are unioned to the a dictionary of the
form {id1: jumon1, id2: jumon2... }. This replaces
the old meeple dict and is the jumon pick pool as
well. The function get_meeple_by_name has to be
replaced by get_meeple_by_id. Before the match
starts all jumons within the new meeple dict
has to be send to all players, so the clients
know all ids of all jumons. Also there has to be a
dictionary storing all meeples by their ids.
I say meeples, as artefacts got an id as well.


Neutral Player:
---------------
The neutral player and its jumons could be downgraded
to static meeps which arent moving. In conclusion this
could mean that there is no need for a neutral player
at all, all neutral jumons could be placed on the arena
preequipped with artefacts. But even with moving jumons
there is no need for special neutral jumons, the neutral
player could generate the right events for the rule-building
state machiene. This would be a great hook for an ai later on.


Neutral Jumons:
---------------
The preequipped artefacts for the neutral jumons should stay
the same over the matches. This way users can build up there
strategies around certain artefacts in play.


Graphical Events:
-----------------
Graphical Events are send from the MatchServer to all the users,
to keep track about the things happens in an opponents turn.
Until know following graphical events are needes:

gevent_summoning:id:pos
gevent_burrying:id:pos
gevent_moving:id:posA:posB
gevent_special_ability:id:pos
gevent_special_move:id:posA:posB
gevent_fighting:id1:pos1:id2:pos2
gevent_attackbonus:value:color:pos
gevent_defensebonus:value:color:pos
gevent_equipped:jumon_id:artefact_id:pos
